SDK X 10.4.0 Updates (#148)
helpshift/helpshift-docs: docs/sdkx_ios/delegates.mdx

If you want to retrieve the current notification count stored locally, you can call the same method with the parameter set to false, `[Helpshift requestUnreadMessageCount:NO];`. In this case, SDK returns the count of unread messages available locally in this delegate method.

Locally saved unread message count are useful for saving an additional network call.

## User Identity System Events

When using Identity system related APIs, the related events are communicated to your app using the events mentioned in this section. Events can have associated data which gives more information on the corresponding event.

### HelpshiftIdentityTokenInvalid

Identities JWT not in valid format

> APIs - `addUserIdentities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `addUserIdentities`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data - no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data - no
```

### HelpshiftIatIsMandatory

iat key is missing in the JWT. Issued At Timestamp or “iat“ is a mandatory key in the JWT payload

> APIs - `addUserIdentities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `addUserIdentities`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data - no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data - no
```

### HelpshiftIdentitiesDataInvalid

Some of the identities in the JWT payload are not valid

> APIs - `addUserIdentities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `addUserIdentities`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data -
```

| One of the passed identity keys          | HelpshiftEmptyData                        | Ensure key or value is a valid non-empty value                                                      |
| One of the passed identity keys          | HelpshiftMetadataCountLimitExceeded       | Ensure total number of entries in metadata dictionary for this identity is within permissible limit |
| One of the passed identity metadata keys | HelpshiftMetadataKeyLengthLimitExceeded   | Ensure metadata key length is within permissible limit                                              |
| One of the passed identity metadata keys | HelpshiftMetadataValueLengthLimitExceeded | Ensure metadata value length is within permissible limit                                            |
| One of the passed identity metadata keys | HelpshiftMetadataEmptyKeyOrValue          | Ensure metadata key or value is a valid non-empty value                                             |

### HelpshiftIdentitiesSizeLimitExceeded

Number of identities in JWT payload is more than the permissible limit

> APIs - `addUserIdentities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `addUserIdentities`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data - no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data - no
```

### HelpshiftEventAddUserIdentitiesSyncFailed

User identities failed to sync with backend

> APIs - `addUserIdentities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `addUserIdentities`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data -
```

| Key                             | Value                | Recovery |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------- | -------- |
| One of the passed identity keys | HelpshiftInvalidData | NA       |

### HelpshiftEventAppAttributesLimitExceeded / HelpshiftEventMasterAttributesLimitExceeded

Number of unsynced app or master attributes exceeds the permissible limit

> APIs - `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data - no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data - no
```

### HelpshiftEventUpdateAppAttributesValidationFailed / HelpshiftEventUpdateMasterAttributesValidationFailed

Validation of individual entries inside the attributes dictionary failed

> APIs - `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data -
```

| One of the passed attribute keys | HelpshiftValueLengthLimitExceeded | Ensure value length is within permissible limit                                                                 |
| One of the passed attribute keys | HelpshiftCountLimitExceeded       | Reduce the number of entries in the collection for specified key                                                |
| One of the passed attribute keys | HelpshiftInvalidValueType         | Ensure value is one of the supported types - String, Bool, Number, String array or a String - String dictionary |

### HelpshiftEventUpdateAppAttributesSyncFailed / HelpshiftEventUpdateMasterAttributesSyncFailed

Attributes failed to sync with backend

APIs - `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`

Data -

| Key                              | Value                | Recovery |
| -------------------------------- | -------------------- | -------- |
| One of the passed attribute keys | HelpshiftInvalidData | NA       |

### HelpshiftEventUserIdentityNotEnabled

Identity feature is not enabled for your domain

> APIs - `addUserIdentities`, `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- APIs - `addUserIdentities`, `updateAppAttributes`, `updateMasterAttributes`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data - no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data - no
```

### HelpshiftEventUserSessionExpired

Sent when the SDK's user session expires. Once the session expires, SDK will keep sending this event to your app on each foreground.

> In response to this event, you should refresh the JWT for the current user and [log him in](/sdkx_ios/identity-users.mdx) again with the new JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In response to this event, you should refresh the JWT for the current user and [log them in](/sdkx_ios/identity-users.mdx) again with the new JWT.
```

Data - no

### HelpshiftEventRefreshUserCredentials

Sent when the SDK's user session is about to expire. This gives you a chance to proactively refresh the JWT for the current user and

> log him in the SDK with the new JWT to avoid disrupting his session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log them in the SDK with the new JWT to avoid disrupting their session.
```
